---
title: 1.1.x
---

# Release Notes - 1.1.0

## 1.1.0

**Added**
- Added `NavMeshAgentVariable` and `AnimatorVariable` to store `NavMeshAgent` and `Animator` in Blackboard
- Added `CategoryAttribute` to categorize the action tasks, inputs and input normalizations.
- Added some new methods to the public API:
	- EntityController.Enable()
	- EntityController.Disable()
	- EntityFacade.Enable()
	- EntityFacade.Disable()
	- Blackboard.TryGetVariable()
- Add some new target properties to the action tasks:
	- TargetFacade
	- TargetAgent
	- TargetEntity
	- TargetTransform
	- TargetGameObject
- Added a lot of new classes to the intelligence library:
	- **Action Tasks**
		- Animator
			- SetBool
			- SetFloat
			- SetInteger
			- SetTrigger
		- NavMeshAgent
			- ChaseTarget
			- MoveAwayFromTarget
			- Patrol
		- FaceTarget
		- FaceTargetForever
		- StartCooldown
	- **Inputs**
		- CooldownElapsedTimeInput
		- RaycastToTargetInput
	- **Input Normalizations**
		- IsInCooldownNormalization

**Changed**
- Serialization: When changing type of properties in Inputs, InputNormalizations, ActionTasks and TargetFilters, their values will be reset to the default value of their types.
- The MomentumBonus is no longer fixed at **25%**. Now, you can adjust the MomentumBonus as desired. The default value is **1.1**.
- Renamed 
	- `NavMeshMoveTowards` to `MoveToTarget`
	- `MyDistanceToTargetInput` to `DistanceToTargetInput`
	- `MoveTowards` to `MoveTowardsTarget`

**Fixed**
- Fixed a bug where the UtilityIntelligenceEditor did not clear the view when exiting Runtime Mode
- Fixed a bug where renaming a consideration in the Consideration Tab, the Decision Tab and the Intelligence Tab did not update the new consideration name.
- Fixed a bug where renaming a target filter in the Target Filter Tab, the Decision Tab and the Intelligence Tab did not update the new target filter name.
- Fixed a bug where we cannot undo or redo the `ActionExecuteMode` after it has been changed.
- Fixed the delay when transitioning between decisions and action tasks when they are running in sequence.

**Improved**
- Improved performance when calling Unity Event Functions in action tasks. Previously, they were called for all the action tasks across all decisions. Currently, we only call them for the action tasks of the chosen decision.
	- LateUpdate
	- FixedUpdate
	- OnCollisionEnter
	- OnCollisionStay
	- OnCollisionExit
	- ...
- Auto save the widths of the panes in the Utility Intelligene Editor after they have been resized.


